AI: Restructure & Add New Topics (#8255)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/90 AI Features/10 aiIntegration Setup/10 Connect to an AI Service Provider.md

> To configure [AIIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegration/), import the type into your project:

Reviewer: "the type"? can you clarify

Author: AIIntegration is a property type. To add clarity, we can say "import the DevExtreme AI integration module into your project" instead:
```suggestion
To configure [AIIntegration](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/AIIntegration/), import the DevExtreme AI integration module into your project:
```

Reviewer: yes
